
	- npm init // create json file
	- npm i express mongoose ejs method-override // install everything (these are all listed in the json file)
	
	- node seeds/index.js // run the seeds file once which will populate the database with initial data

	- nodemon app.js // start the server
	- mongosh // access mongoDB shell


YelpCamp is a full stack web application where users can create accounts and view, create, and edit campgrounds, 
as well as leave reviews. The program utilizes NodeJS, Express, and Mongo DB to implement the backend. 
All data is stored in a database, and user info is encrypted for security. The program is complete with 
user authentication with Passport and authorization such that contributions to the site are linked to specific users 
and can only be modified by the author.
full CRUD, 
error handling, 
input/form validation, 
Flash for showing temporary confirmation and error messages,
file upload and store on cloud using Cloudinary,
maps with Mapbox API,
misc cybersecurity strategies implemented - Mongo injection, sanitizing HTML, etc






YelpCamp is a full-stack website project where users can create and review campgrounds. In order to review or create a campground, you must have an account. This project is a part of Colt Steele's web dev bootcamp course on udemy.

This project is being created created using Node.js, Express, MongoDB, and Bootstrap. Passport.js is used to handle authentication.

Functionalities
Everyone can view the camps and reviews without signing up or logging in.

The user will have to login to edit the campground details or any comments.

The user can only edit/delete the campgrounds and comments that they have added.

All the data will pe persistent and is stored in the awazon cloud.

Technologies Used:
HTML5 - markup language for creating web pages and web applications

CSS3 - used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language

Bootstrap - free and open-source front-end web framework for designing websites and web applications quickly

jQuery - cross-platform JavaScript library designed to simplify the client-side scripting of HTML

DOM Manipulation - is a platform and language-neutral interface that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure, and style of a document

Node.js - pen-source, cross-platform JavaScript run-time environment for executing JavaScript code server-side

Express.js - for building web applications and APIs and connecting middleware

REST - REST (REpresentational State Transfer) is an architectural style for developing web services

MongoDB - open-source cross-platform document-oriented NoSQL database program to store details like users info, campgrounds info and comments

PassportJS - authentication middleware for Node.js. Extremely flexible and modular, Passport can be unobtrusively dropped in to any Express-based web application

Data Associations - associating user data with the respective campgrounds and comments using reference method

Heroku - cloud platform as a service used as a web application deployment model

AWS - mongodb is hosted on amazon ec2 instance